Prepare for v2.5.0 release (#156)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-kernel-kit: CHANGELOG.md

# v2.5.0 (2025-05-20)

## OS Changes

>  * Add NVLSM as dependency for NVIDIA Fabric Manager ([#142])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Provide NVLink Subnet Manager as a dependency for NVIDIA Fabric Manager ([#142])
```
